when it comes to a defensive lineman
sometimes regular pads to just aren't
enough that's why you use paddock
impression to give you that extra layer
of protection strong cushioning and a
flexible fabric is where these guys are
finding the sweet spot how about
compression gear we like to wear
underneath your pass underneath your
pants um I like to what he did on time
you know that's me right it's called the
hot I like the heat get keys my legs
monkeys my legs going keep the blood
flowing he get onto my shoulder pads too
I'm one of those guys they don't want to
you know get a good sweat break though
before the game and I think the he get
you know give me hop it's only a great
opportunity to get a good sweat before
the game get the blood flowing mmm go
get ready to play some ball how about
compression gear what are you wearing
and eat your pads what are you were
underneath your pants well under need my
pads I'm naked I straight Rock The Rock
good that's okay okay but a compression
shorts use a rock that either the Under
Armour's uas padded or the mcDavid's
okay alright cool man cool talk about
the compression wear what do you wear
underneath your pads maybe what do you
wear underneath your parents always go
this year went with a half sleeves
mm-hmm it was always hard for me to find
half sleeves uh actually I found
something on eastbay it was adidas brand
okay we was nike so luckily would note
adidas logo right asleep but I rocked
the three sleeve if its coat I go
full-on mm-hmm but uh I don't think I
did probably once or twice this year
yeah so pretty much just the quarter
sleeve I feel good and you can accent
your co so if we was wearing black I'll
probably wear gold or white and black
out where black stuff like that don't
forget about comfort here as that plays
as huge a role in your performance as
anything look for free movie stretchable
fabrics that don't keep you from feeling
your fastest Brandon Williams defensive
line Missouri Southern State University
get your swag on eastbay.com
you